
<div class="lecture2">
<div class="column_date">

Class # 18 <br>
Thu, 3/29

</div>

<div class="column_materials">
<p markdown="block">

Linux basics, file system, scripting.


[slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/16_IA7T0sWS7FwyHHuJmtCVy7Jnc7s18eTjkk4kylwoc/preview#slide=id.p14) by
Jeffrey Korn from CSCI-GA.2246-001 (Open Source Tools)




</p>
</div>

<div class="column_assign">
<p markdown="block">

__Blog posts__:
- come up with three questions for Danna for Tuesday
- describe the progress that you group made in working on the project,
are you (as an individual) able to actively participate in what the group
is working on? what are your specific task in the work on the project?
- report on any additional contributions
- report on any open data events that you might have attended this week

__Contributions list__: in your blog create a file called `contributions.md`.
The document should contain a table with a list of all of your Contributions
so far. The table columns should be "week #", "contribution", "contribution type".
The first column should just include the week number in which you made your Contributions.
The second column should contain the name of the project/site to which the contribution
was made and a link to your specific contribution and a brief description ("article edit",
"issue reported", "pull request", ...). The third column should
state what type of contribution in is: "course website", "Wikipedia", "Other".   

To incorporate this document into your blog, edit the `layouts/default.html` document
and add

`<a href="``{```{ site.baseurl }```}``/contributions">Contributions</a>`

after line
31 (or after the line that contains the link to the About page, `<a href="``{```{ site.baseurl }```}``/about">About</a>`).

<br>

Make sure that you have __access to a Linux-like environment__:
- a terminal on Mac is fine
- a terminal on Linux is fine
- for Windows, you can use the Ubuntu subsystem, setup a virtual machine or use
Cloud 9 (talk to me if you need help with any of that - I have a virtual machine image
  that you can use, I also have a Cloud 9 team account that I can give you access to).

</p>
</div>

</div>
